Chapter 10 Test Bank

1. As a class, tablets are devices that closely resemble standard desktop computers.
 	a. 	True
 	b. 	False
ANSWER:  	False




4. Virtual machines store sensitive applications and data on a remote server that is accessed through a smartphone.
 	a. 	True
 	b. 	False
ANSWER:  	False


5. The greatest asset of a mobile device-its security.
 	a. 	True
 	b. 	False
ANSWER:  	False


6. Mobile devices using location services are at increased risk of targeted physical attacks.
 	a. 	True
 	b. 	False
ANSWER:  	True


7. Tethering may allow an unsecured mobile device to infect other tethered mobile devices or the corporate network.
 	a. 	True
 	b. 	False
ANSWER:  	True


8. Some mobile devices can be configured so that the device automatically unlocks and stays unlocked until a specific action occurs.
 	a. 	True
 	b. 	False
ANSWER:  	True



10. An embedded system is computer hardware and software contained within a smaller system that is designed for a specific function.
 	a. 	True
 	b. 	False
ANSWER:  	False





11. Select the option that represents a wearable technology.
 	a. 	Android
 	b. 	iPhone
 	c. 	Google Chromebook
 	d. 	Google Glass
ANSWER:  	d


12. A computer that uses SSD drives and is smaller than a standard notebook is an example of what type of a portable computer?
 	a. 	subnotebook
 	b. 	laptop
 	c. 	tablet
 	d. 	netbook
ANSWER:  	a


13. Mobile devices with global positioning system (GPS) abilities typically make use of:
 	a. 	weak passwords
 	b. 	location services
 	c. 	open networks
 	d. 	anti-virus software
ANSWER:  	b


14. What can be enabled to prevent a mobile device from being used until a user enters the correct passcode, such as a pin or password?
 	a. 	Enable a smart card
 	b. 	Enable a lock screen
 	c. 	Enable a sleep time setting
 	d. 	Enable a challenge-response screen
ANSWER:  	b


15. What type of management system below can help distribute and manage public and corporate apps?
 	a. 	Wireless Device Management
 	b. 	Mobile Device Management
 	c. 	Total Device Management
 	d. 	Extended Device Management
ANSWER:  	b


16. How could an administrator initially manage applications on mobile devices using a technique called "app wrapping?"
 	a. 	Mobile Application Management
 	b. 	Extended Application Management
 	c. 	Remote Application Management
 	d. 	Cloud Application Management
ANSWER:  	a


17. Which management system is used to support the creation and subsequent editing and modification of digital content by multiple employees?
 	a. 	extended management
 	b. 	content management
 	c. 	remote management
 	d. 	application management
ANSWER:  	b


18. What PIN is considered to be the most commonly used PIN?
 	a. 	1234
 	b. 	4321
 	c. 	0000
 	d. 	7777
ANSWER:  	a


19. Which of the following selections is not one of the features provided by a typical MDM?
 	a. 	Rapidly deploy new mobile devices
 	b. 	Discover devices accessing enterprise systems
 	c. 	Track stolen devices
 	d. 	Enforce encryption settings
ANSWER:  	c


20. A QR code can't contain which of the following items directly?
 	a. 	A URL.
 	b. 	A phone number.
 	c. 	An e-mail address.
 	d. 	A video.
ANSWER:  	d


21. What mobile operating system below requires all applications to be reviewed and approved before they can be made available in the App store?
 	a. 	Android
 	b. 	Blackberry OS
 	c. 	iOS
 	d. 	Symbian
ANSWER:  	c


22. Select the item that is not considered to be a basic characteristic of mobile devices.
 	a. 	A small form factor.
 	b. 	A mobile operating system.
 	c. 	A removable media storage.
 	d. 	A data synchronization capabilities.
ANSWER:  	c



23. Select the computing device that uses a limited version of an operating system and uses a web browser with an integrated media player.
 	a. 	tablet
 	b. 	notebook
 	c. 	netbook
 	d. 	web-based
ANSWER:  	d


24. What portable computing devices, designed for user convenience, have a sensor called an accelerometer that senses vibrations and movements that can determine the orientation of the device?
 	a. 	laptops
 	b. 	notebooks
 	c. 	tablets
 	d. 	subnotebook
ANSWER:  	c



26. Which of the following systems is located in a satellite and regenerates a signal that is sent back to earth at another frequency?
 	a. 	repeater
 	b. 	cell transmitter
 	c. 	RF receiver
 	d. 	modulator
ANSWER:  	a


27. Which of the following can replace using radio frequency (RF) for the communication media?
 	a. 	ANT
 	b. 	Bluetooth
 	c. 	repeaters
 	d. 	infrared
ANSWER:  	d



29. Which enterprise deployment model requires employees to choose from a selection of company owned and approved devices?
 	a. 	BYOD
 	b. 	COPE
 	c. 	VDI
 	d. 	CYOD
ANSWER:  	b








30. Which enterprise deployment model allows users to use their personal mobile devices for business purposes?
 	a. 	BYOD
 	b. 	COPE
 	c. 	VDI
 	d. 	CYOD
ANSWER:  	a


31. Which of the following is NOT a benefit of using the CYOD enterprise deployment model for an enterprise?
 	a. 	management flexibility
 	b. 	increased internal service
 	c. 	increased employee performance
 	d. 	less oversight
ANSWER:  	b



33. What type of technology can add geographical identification data to media such as digital photos taken on a mobile device?
 	a. 	GPS locating
 	b. 	GeoData tagging
 	c. 	GPS marking
 	d. 	GPS tagging
ANSWER:  	d



35. What process gives a user access to a file system on a mobile device with full permissions, essentially allowing the user to do anything on the device?
 	a. 	mirroring
 	b. 	jailbreaking
 	c. 	sideloading
 	d. 	carrier unlocking
ANSWER:  	b


36. Which option allows a mobile device to be configured so that the device automatically unlocks and stays unlocked until a specific action occurs?
 	a. 	selected context authentication
 	b. 	context-aware authentication
 	c. 	user designated authentication
 	d. 	trigger locking
ANSWER:  	b








39. What type of software is specifically designed for a SoC in an embedded system?
 	a. 	SCADA
 	b. 	HVAC
 	c. 	ICS
 	d. 	RTOS
ANSWER:  	d


40. What systems control locally or at remote locations by collecting, monitoring, and processing real-time data so that machines can directly control devices such as valves, pumps, and motors without the need for human intervention?
 	a. 	SCADA
 	b. 	HVAC
 	c. 	ICS
 	d. 	RTOS
ANSWER:  	c


41. List at least three things that can be done in order to reduce the risk of theft or loss of a mobile device.
ANSWER:  	1. Keep the mobile device out of sight when traveling in a high-risk area. 2. Avoid becoming distracted by what is on the device. Always maintain an awareness of your surroundings. 3. When holding a device, use both hands to make it more difficult for a thief to snatch. 4. Do not use the device on escalators or near transit train doors. 5. White or red headphone cords may indicate they are connected to an expensive device. Consider changing the cord to a less conspicuous color. 6. If a theft does occur, do not resist or chase the thief. Instead, take note of the suspect's description, including any identifying characteristics and clothing, and then call the authorities. Also contact the organization or wireless carrier and change all passwords for accounts accessed on the device.


42. How might an attacker misuse a QR code?
ANSWER:  	An attacker could create an advertisement for a reputable website, such as a bank, and then include a QR code that contains a malicious URL that redirects an unsuspecting user to an impostor website.


43. Describe some of the risks associated with using mobile devices in an enterprise environment.
ANSWER:  	1.Users may erase the installed built-in limitations on their smartphone (called jailbreaking on Apple iOS devices or rooting on Android devices) to provide additional functionality. However, this also disables the built-in operating system security features on the phone. 2.Personal mobile devices are often shared among family members and friends, subjecting sensitive corporate data installed on a user's device to outsiders. 3.Different mobile devices have different hardware and different versions of operating systems, all of which contain different levels and types of security features. Technical support staff may be called upon to support hundreds of different mobile devices, creating a nightmare for establishing a security baseline. 4.Mobile devices may be connected to a user's personal desktop computer that is infected, thus infecting the mobile device and increasing the risk of the organization's network becoming infected when the mobile device connects to it. 5.There may be difficulties in securing the personal smartphone from an employee who was fired so that any corporate data on it can be erased.


44. How does BYOD increase employee performance?
ANSWER:  	Employees are more likely to be productive while traveling or working away from the office if they are comfortable with their device.


45. Describe a notebook computer in relation to a laptop computer.
ANSWER:  	A notebook computer is a smaller version of a laptop computer and is considered a lightweight personal computer. Notebook computers typically weigh less than laptops and are small enough to fit easily inside a briefcase.


46. What is the difference between a feature phone and a smartphone?
ANSWER:  	A feature phone is a traditional cell phone, whereas a smartphone has all the tools that a feature phone has, but also includes a mobile operating system that allows for the use of applications and Internet access.


47. Describe how content management is used.
ANSWER:  	Content management is used to support the creation and subsequent editing and modification of digital content by multiple employees. It can include tracking editing history, version control (recording changes and "rolling back" to a previous version if necessary), indexing, and searching.


48. What particular option can be used mobile devices that contain both personal and corporate data?
ANSWER:  	Storage segmentation, which separates business data from personal data.


49. What basic steps are included in securing mobile devices?
ANSWER:  	Securing mobile devices requires configuring the device, using mobile management tools, and configuring device app security.


50. What is the Internet of Things (IoT)?
ANSWER:  	Simply put, the IoT is connecting any device to the Internet for the purpose of sending and receiving data to be acted upon. Although this definition could encompass laptop computers and tablets, more often IoT refers to devices that heretofore were not considered as computing devices connected to a data network. IoT devices include wearable technology and multifunctional devices as well as many everyday home automation items such as thermostats, coffee makers, tire sensors, slow cookers, keyless entry systems, washing machines, electric toothbrushes, headphones, and light bulbs, to name just a few.



